[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
[screams]
[NARRATOR]
Usopp freed citizens
who had been
transformed into toys,
prompting Doflamingo to
trap the entire kingdom
inside a barrier known
as the "Birdcage."
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, it's time
to watch the final act unfold.
[gasps] The Birdcage.
The stars will be worth
100 million berries each.
[NARRATOR]
He then placed bounties
on Luffy and his allies.
[yells]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE I]
Wait, Hajrudin! You do realize
if you kill Straw Hat,
you'll get good chunk of money?
That is but a pittance!
My gratitude is beyond
monetary value.
I owe my savoir,
God Usopp, the world!
My pride cannot
truly return to me
until I adequately
reciprocate his benevolence!
Go home!
I'll finish off Doflamingo!
--[IDEO] No, I will!
--[GILLY] No, I will!
No me!
[ALL yelling]
I said go away! I already
called dibs on Mingo!
[JEET] We have no place
to run! We're doomed!
[ABDULLAH]
It was nice knowing you!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Grizzly Magnum!
Uh, there's a guy inside
the big rock guy?
This is the first
time we're actually
seeing him in the flesh.
[LUFFY]
Catch ya later!
[ZORO]
Okay! I got this!
You'll have to fight me first.
He has better things to do than
tangle with a pebble like you.
Deal with it, Soprano Man.
I'm all that you've got.
[LUFFY] "A Shocking Confession!
Law's Soulful Vow!"
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Lord Pica isn't moving anymore!
Is it okay for him to
lose his head like that?
Who did that to him?
[DAGAMA] Huh? That monster
stopped dead in its tracks.
Is he dead?
[FARUL neighs]
Doubt it. That's
far too convenient.
Regardless, it seems like
those annoying punches of his
have ceased for the moment.
So let's strike while we can!
Doflamingo shall die by my hand!
[IDEO]
No, mine!
[SAI]
[ALL yelling]
Those stubborn bastards don't
know when to give up, do they?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
Fire! Don't let them
get to the palace!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[HAJRUDIN]
Why don't you bring out someone
worth fighting next time?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D groans]
We gave it our best.
But we can't stop the fighters
from the coliseum.
Those little rats are really
fired up, aren't they?
[GLADIUS] They actually
think they have a chance
against the Young Master?
They're throw-een
their lives away.
Indeed so! Once Fujitora
arrives at the palace
with his Marines, they'll be
ground up, with a capital G!
Bastille's unit should
be joining up with us
any minute now.
Half of our Navy forces are
already in front of the palace.
I had a feeling that
was Straw Hat's group.
They did stop Lord Pica.
We have four different enemies--
or groups of enemies--
approaching the
palace right now.
First, there's the competitors
from the coliseum,
all strong fighters
from the New World.
Second, there's Kyros,
former army commander,
and quite possibly the strongest
gladiator who's ever lived.
I don't want to do this, Kyros,
just give yourself up!
If we don't catch you,
we're all dead!
Too many of us
have been hurt already!
You and the other
criminals should quit,
for the good of Dressrosa!
[BABY 5] Next, there's
the second in command
of the Straw Hats,
Pirate Hunter Zoro.
[BABY 5] Lastly, there's Straw
Hat Luffy and that traitor, Law!
[LUFFY]
Woohoo!
[LUFFY laughing]
Yeah!
You got this, Moocy!
Let's keep it up!
[JEET]
Yeah, go Moocy!
[ABDULLAH]
Nice work!
Moocy is my ride!
If you want one, then get off
and find your own!
[ABDULLAH, JEET] You're such a
kidder! We love you, Straw Hat!
[BABY 5]
I don't see Señor anywhere.
He was here a second ago,
but last I heard,
he's off search-een for that
pervert from the Straw Hats.
What pervert?
[FRANKY] This must be
the place! Pervert convert!
SMILE factory!
Wow! Wow, ow! Ow!
I hates me some gates
and I'm downright
disrespectful to doors!
Get a load of my Radical Bea--
[SEÑOR] For the record,
that crappy beam of yours
wouldn't even put
a dent in the factory.
I came here for one reason.
To settle our score.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Haven't I fought you enough?
A man's battle never ends.
You got that, boy?
[WOMEN] Wow! That was
an awesome burn, Señor!
[FRANKY]
Shut up!
I'm begging you, Kyros.
Walk out from behind there
and surrender yourself!
If you don't do that,
then we'll come and get you!
We aren't doing this for money!
We don't turn you in,
then everyone's gonna die!
[TOWNSMAN B]
There's no other choice!
[TOWNSMAN C]
We just wanna bring an end
to this nightmare
as soon as possible!
[TOWNSMAN A gasps]
[KYROS] I can't blame you for
wanting to end this quickly.
And I certainly don't disagree.
But if that's the case, then I
need to move even faster.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[TOWNSMAN D]
Don't let him get away!
I won't lose.
But there is something
that I must do first.
--[LUFFY laughing]
--[BULL mooing]
You're doing great, Moocy!
Thank you for the ride!
[moos]
[LUFFY] At this rate,
we're gonna be the first ones
to the palace, easy!
[BULL moos]
You wait for me, Mingo.
I don't want anyone
else kicking your ass.
You and me!
A one-on-one fight!
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Hm?
[LUFFY] Hm? What're you
looking at back there?
Just thinking about your friend.
I can't believe what he did.
Staying behind to fight
that monster all by himself.
[ABDULLAH, JEET crying]
He's a man among men!
Are you guys worried about Zoro?
He won't lose to a rock.
Trust me on this one.
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Huh?
[yells]
I am gonna pulverize you!
Little twerp!
Huh? Tsk. Could you just
tone it down a little bit?
That voice really
rattles in my head.
[PICA]
How dare you! Die!
What's wrong, Soprano Man?
Need to get your
eyes checked out?
[screams]
[LUFFY] If he says he's gonna
win, then it'll happen for sure.
No matter what it takes!
[LAW]
Hey, Straw Hat.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[LAW]
I realize we have no choice
but to kill Doflamingo now.
That's fine. I'm ready.
I know that's not the plan
I suggested before.
I thought we could get away
with a less-direct approach.
But to be perfectly
honest with you,
I want to make him suffer
with my own hands.
I won't let him defeat me again.
[moos]
[LAW] Thirteen years ago, there
was a person I cared for deeply,
and Doflamingo killed him.
[gasps]
[LAW]
His name was Corazon.
He was a former top executive
in the Don Quixote Family.
[LUFFY gasps]
Mingo killed his own friend?
Corazon was the man
who saved my life.
But to Doflamingo,
he was more than just
a member of the
Don Quixote Family.
He was his younger brother.
[LUFFY gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO humming]
Mister Luffy?
Where are you hiding,
[BARTOLOMEO] Come on,
there's no need to be shy!
What's the deal?
Does this mean
Mister Luffy's not here?
Of course not.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Why didn't anyone tell me?
Luffy never stays
anywhere for more than
five minutes at a time.
Ahh! Now that's freedom! Whoo!
The King of the Pirates
knows how to roll, huh?
What's that big monster?
Come take a look.
[DOLDO]
Hm?
What is the royal palace
doing way up there?
I got the key.
[REBECCA gasps]
Viola!
[DWARVES cheering]
[DOLDO]
Viola.
[VIOLET gasps]
Father. Did you see?
I have the key
to Law's handcuffs.
I was able to find it,
thanks to my Clairvoyance.
Now, to get it to Straw Hat.
[DOLDO] Hm? Viola, wait.
Why place your faith in them?
They're criminals.
That's fine. Our kingdom
must be broken down
and its lies exposed.
They'll do that.
[DOLDO]
Hm?
I trust them to end
this false peace.
So I'm betting everything
on the Straw Hats.
The World Government
has proven untrustworthy.
They gave a title to Doflamingo,
who ruled this
kingdom with cruelty.
Who caused our family
so much pain and suffering.
After all these years,
I don't want the Navy's help!
They have failed
our people enough!
[VIOLET] They're blind to
the meaning of justice
and deaf to the voices of
those they've victimized.
[VIOLET]
They don't understand our rage.
[VIOLET] People in authority
have the privilege
of only hearing
what they want to hear.
But Straw Hat?
He acts on the goodness
inside his heart.
Even though he's a pirate,
he hasn't lost his humanity!
I'll give Doflamingo
the biggest beating
of his life for you!
Make sure you guys all
live to see it, okay?
Did you even think of
the kingdom?
If we chicken out now,
what'll happen to it?
[LEO] This might change
your mind, King Riku.
I want you to look at this man.
The one worth five stars?
That's right!
Usoland. AKA, God Usopp.
He risked his life and faced off
with Trebol and Sugar.
He freed the people who
had been enslaved as toys
and brought everyone's
memories back!
He is the hero of our people!
[DWARVES] Usoland, go!
Usoland, go! Usoland, go!
Usoland, go!
We were all moved by
the bravery he showed.
So, so, so much that even now
we can't stop crying!
He's a superhero,
I'm telling you!
[DWARVES] Usoland, go!
Usoland, go! Usoland, go!
Usoland, go!
[LEO] And Luffyland is his
captain, so he's super, too!
Please believe me.
The Usolanders, or rather,
the Straw Hats,
are the greatest hope
that Dressrosa's got!
Even though they're pirates,
I'll trust them and cheer
them on till the very end!
Now they see the truth!
The whole kingdom will know how
great the Straw Hat Pirates are!
I'm so lucky to be here
for this moment!
[DWARVES]
Usoland, go! Usoland, go!
Hey, Viola. Can I deliver
the key to Lucy for you?
I don't know!
I can't just
stand here and wait.
Let me go!
Rebecca.
Okey dokey, sounds great!
Let's go see Mister Luffy!
Don't worry, I'll keep
you nice and safe!
Just count on me!
That's no good!
Or did you forget that you're
on Doflamingo's wanted list?
People will hunt you down!
I'll be fine!
All right, then. Be careful.
[LEO]
Let's fly, Cub!
[CUB]
Right!
[LEO]
Listen up!
Are you going, too?
We'll lead the way!
On the rooftops!
Cub and I know how to
handle this! Don't worry!
On the rooftops?
That's right! Hey, Inhel.
Can I leave the factory
in your hands?
No problem!
I already checked in
with the Scouting Unit.
They said Fraland
is fighting Señor Pink
at the gate as we speak.
We'll rush over and
help him any way we can!
We'll take back
Princess Mansherry.
and all our friends, too!
[LEO]
Until next time, then!
All right, people!
We've sat around
for long enough!
We'll complete our missions
and meet back here
on the King's Plateau!
Are you guys ready?
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[DOLDO]
Straw Hat Luffy.
He really does seem to
have a mysterious power.
Even in this
desperate situation.
Even when he's not here with us.
The mere mention of his name
fills people with hope.
[DOLDO]
Pirates, huh?
[JEET]
This is it, Straw Hat!
We're about to reach the bottom!
[ABDULLAH] They've got a
welcoming party waiting for us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
What's that?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
Something's coming!
Yeah, we're the
first ones to make it!
We get dibs on beating up Mingo!
[BULL moos]
It's all thanks to you, Moocy!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
Crap! It's Straw Hat!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H]
Shoot! Shoot!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Fire Salute!
Okay! Now pick up the pace!
Are you ready?
[BULL moos]
[LUFFY]
Let's go!
[NARRATOR] Luffy continues
his advance on the palace,
but is soon threatened by
a massive force of Marines,
lead by Fujitora.
As the enemy begins to close in,
one man stands in their way,
issuing a fiery challenge.
Now, the strongest in the Navy
and the strongest in the
Revolutionary Army face off!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Big Collision!
Chief of Staff
Sabo vs. Admiral Fujitora!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!